CONDITIONAL STATEMENTS

1)What will be the output of the following Python code snippet?
not(3>4)
not(1&1)
: True, False
2)When Should You Use The “Break” In Python? 
:Python provides a break statement to exit from a loop. Whenever the break hits in the code, 
 the control of the program immediately exits from the body of the loop.
The break statement in a nested loop causes the control to exit from the inner iterative block.

3) What is pass in Python?
Pass means, no-operation Python statement, or in other words it is a place holder in compound statement,
where there should be a blank left and nothing has to be written there.

Sure! Here are the answers to your questions:

4)What is the syntax of a simple if statement? 
The syntax of a simple if statement is as follows:

if condition:
    statement(s)
If the condition is true, then the statement(s) inside the if block will be executed.

5)What is the difference between if and elif statements?
 The if statement is used to check a single condition. If it is true, then the statements inside the if block will be executed.
 The elif statement is used to check multiple conditions. If the first condition is false, 
then it checks the next condition and so on until a true condition is found. 
If a true condition is found, then the statements inside that elif block will be executed.


6)What is the difference between while and do-while loop? 
In Python, there is no do-while loop. Instead, you can use a while loop with a break statement to achieve similar functionality.


7)What is the difference between break and continue statements?
 The break statement is used to exit a loop early. When a break statement is encountered inside a loop,
 the loop will immediately terminate and control will be passed to the next statement after the loop. 
The continue statement is used to skip over an iteration of a loop. When a continue statement is encountered inside a loop, 
control will immediately jump to the next iteration of the loop.


8)What is the difference between pass and continue statements?
 The pass statement does nothing. It can be used as a placeholder when you need to write code that does nothing
 (for example, when defining an empty function). The continue statement skips over an iteration of a loop.


9)What is the difference between == and is operators?
 The == operator checks if two values are equal. The is operator checks if two variables refer to the same object in memory.


10)What is the difference between or and | operators? 
The or operator returns True if either of its operands are True. The | operator performs a bitwise OR operation on its operands.


11What is the difference between and and & operators? 
The and operator returns True if both of its operands are True. The & operator performs a bitwise AND operation on its operands.


12)What is the difference between not in and != operators? 
The not in operator checks if an element does not exist in a sequence (for example, if x not in myList). 
The != operator checks if two values are not equal (for example, if x != y).


13)How do you use if-else statements in Python?
 Here’s an example of how to use an if-else statement in Python:

x = 5
if x > 10:
    print("x is greater than 10")
else:
    print("x is less than or equal to 10")

14)What constitutes “True” in Python?
In Python, any non-zero value or non-empty container is considered True. Conversely, any zero value or empty container is considered False.


15)What are the three main conditional statements in Python?
The three main conditional statements in Python are:
if statement
if-else statement
if-elif-else statement


16)What is the syntax of a simple if statement?
The syntax of a simple if statement is:
if condition:
    # code to execute when condition is True
Here, condition is an expression that evaluates to either True or False. If it evaluates to True,
 then the code inside the if block will be executed. If it evaluates to False, then the code inside the if block will be skipped.


17)Is there any limit of statement that can appear under an if block?
No, there is no limit to the number of statements that can appear under an if block. However, 
it is recommended to keep the number of statements under an if block to a minimum for better readability and maintainability of the code.



18)Write a program to check whether a person is eligible for voting or not answer these questions?
Sure! Here’s an example program that checks whether a person is eligible for voting or not based on their age:
age = int(input("Enter your age: "))
if age >= 18:
    print("You are eligible to vote!")
else:
    print("You are not eligible to vote yet.")
Here, we take input from the user in the form of their age and check whether it is greater than or equal to 18. If it is, then we print a message saying that they are eligible to vote. 
Otherwise, we print a message saying that they are not eligible yet.

19)To concatenate two strings to a third what statements are applicable?
:
s3 = s1+s2




20)What will be the output of the following Python code snippet?

print('ab,cd,ef,cd,gh.cd'.split(','))

:
['ab', 'cd', 'ef', 'cd', 'gh.cd']






