FUNCTIONS INTERVIEW QUESTIONS
1)what is lambda in python?
:anonymous function means that a function is without a name.
As we already know that def keyword is used to define the normal functions and
the lambda keyword is used to create anonymous functions.
     lambda arguments: expression


2)what is counter in python?
: The function Counter() from the module ‘collections’. It counts the number of occurrences of the elements of a container.
Counter({1: 4, 3: 2, 2: 2, 4: 1})
Python provides us with a range of ways and methods to work with a Counter

3) Mention what are the rules for local and global variables in Python?
:Local variables: If a variable is assigned a new value anywhere within the function's body, it's assumed to be local.
Global variables: Those variables that are only referenced inside a function are implicitly global.

4)Mention the use of the split function in Python?
:The use of the split function in Python is that it breaks a string into shorter strings using the defined separator.
It gives a list of all words present in the string.

5)What Are The Principal Differences Between The Lambda And Def?
:Lambda Vs. Def.
*Def can hold multiple expressions while lambda is a uni-expression function.
*Def generates a function and designates a name to call it later. Lambda forms a function object and returns it.
*Def can have a return statement. Lambda can’t have return statements.
*Lambda supports to get used inside a list and dictionary.

6) What Is A Function In Python Programming?
:A function is an object which represents a block of code and is a reusable entity.
 It brings modularity to a program and a higher degree of code reusability.
Python has given us many built-in functions such as print() and provides the ability to create user-defined functions.

7)What Is The Return Keyword Used For In Python? 
:The purpose of a function is to receive the inputs and return some output.

The return is a Python statement which we can use in a function for sending a value back to its caller.
8)Is It Mandatory For A Python Function To Return A Value? 
: It is not at all necessary for a function to return any value. However, if needed, we can use None as a return value.

9)What Does The Ord() Function Do In Python?
:The ord(char) in Python takes a string of size one and returns an integer denoting 
the Unicode code format of the character in case of a Unicode type object, 
or the value of the byte if the argument is of 8-bit string type.

10) What is *args and **kwargs?

*args is used when the programmer is not sure about how many arguments are going to be passed to a function,
 or if the programmer is expecting a list or a tuple as argument to the function.
**kwargs is used when a dictionary (keyword arguments) is expected as an argument to the function.

11)Choose the correct Statements out of all these:
a) sort() function works in place. For example if x.sort() is done than x will be sorted.
b) sorted() function does not work in place. For example if x.sorted() is done, than x will not be sorted but x.sorted() will return a sorted form of x.
c) random and math are builtin modules.
d) We have to use import statement before using any builtin modules.
answer: A)C)D)

12)What function in random module should you use to generate random numbers from range 10 to 20 (including both 10 and 20)
:random.randint(10,20)


13)What is the output of the following display() function call
def display(**kwargs):
    for i in kwargs:
        print(i)
display(emp="Kelly", salary=9000)
: emp salary


14)Python function always returns a value.
: True


15)What is the output of the following displayPerson() function call
def displayPerson(*args):
    for i in args:
        print(i)
displayPerson(name="Emma", age="25")
:type error

16)Choose the correct function declaration of  fun1() so that we can execute the following function call successfully

fun1(25, 75, 55)
fun1(10, 20)
: def fun1(*data)

17)What is the output of the following function call
def fun1(num):
    return num + 25
fun1(5)
print(num)
:name error


18) What is the output of the following function call
def outerFun(a, b):
    def innerFun(c, d):
        return c + d
    return innerFun(a, b)
    return a
result = outerFun(5, 10)
print(result)
: 15

19)What is the output of the following function call
def fun1(name, age=20):
    print(name, age)
fun1('Emma', 25)
: emma25

20)Select which statements are true for Python function

a) It is necessary to use a return statement in Python function.
b) We can reuse functions in a program.
c) Python functions always returns a value.
d) A function is a code block that only executes when it is called.
answer: B)C)D)